hey guys a speeder here and today I am
bringing you something that a lot of
people are waiting for and are looking
for and it's the official slender font
not really official I would say but it's
something that I created just by copying
cutting and putting everything together
and I think it looks pretty damn good so
anyways guys this will be open to you
guys for able to use the thing is I
cannot make it exactly into a usable
font with your keys because when I bring
it into the font editor when it goes to
buffer it it actually corrupts the
letters and the letters look really
really choppy so the only way that you
can do this is either open it up and
Photoshop and crop them or in any kind
of photo editing things such as paint or
whatever so here on paint I'll show you
guys quick on how to crop them if you
need to so you'll take your select tool
and you'll just outline the letter you
want and then you can drag it around and
put them in order to what you want them
to be and resize them and do all that
crap with them and what you want to do
with them so that's pretty much that
and with same with Photoshop we I will
have the JPEG image so you can bring it
in to paint to fix it up and I will also
have the Photoshop image of it so you
guys can head in there and go to here's
all the letters and the Photoshop one
it's right here I think this will also
be available for you guys to download so
if you want to do it in Photoshop then
you can crop it your letters it's pretty
much guys this is just a quick video
saying that I have made this lender font
for you guys available for everyone more
letters will be coming out soon there
are multiple letters of different types
like as you can see there the L and
slender's actually different compared to
what I have here in the this L there's
just all different ones and I'm making a
pact too and I'll also be making numbers
so anyways guys thanks for watching oh
and before I get forget I am doing I
would say
not really a drop a kind of giveaway
giveaway all you need to do is click
that nice subscribe button and give it a
like and give us a comment and the
comment must say you know giveaway and
pretty much what the giveaway is I will
make you a completely custom interim not
what I have like I'm talking about
cinema 4d intro I'm still not finished
but something like this it's kind of
CHOP because it's not completely
finished so anyways the MTG come the
background comes in flare goes the text
comes in I can do much much better than
this this was my first one I made I just
haven't bothered to get back to do
anything better and also with the
giveaway you'll also be getting a
youtube background of your choice I will
edit one I will make one completely for
you I'll make you your own logo to go
with your picture or whatever such as
mine is stuff something like this or
whatever you want for your picture I can
do much better than I did I just did
this like in an hour all this crap so it
didn't take me long but I can do much
better than that so I can make you your
own custom you can tell me what you want
on it and you consider it done that's if
you win the giveaway so that is the
gateway give us a nice subscribe and
make a comment and like it and the
comment must say giveaway and then
you'll be entered into the giveaway and
the giveaway will be drawn December 1st
so anyways guys it's pretty much it for
today thanks for watching and I'll catch
you in my next video